fix: replacing subdomain and hostname with domain (#320)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: docs/platform/pops.md

    ngrok http --region eu 8080

Reserved domains are globally routable to agents connected into any region.

TCP addresses are allocated for a specific region (the US region by default). When you reserve a TCP address, you must select a target region. You may not bind a TCP address reserved in another region other than the one it was allocated for. Attempting to do so will yield an error and prevent your tunnel session from initializing.

### Limitations {#limits}

An ngrok agent may only be connected a single region, meaning you cannot host tunnels in multiple regions simultaneously with the same agent. You can run multiple ngrok agents if you need to do this.

> It is not possible to geo-balance DNS to the same tunnel name in multiple regions. Use region-specific subdomains or TLDs if you need to do this.

Author: @natasha-jarus is this still accurate?

Reviewer: i am not sure what a tunnel name is? but i do know:

- for agent initiated tunnels (`ngrok http`, `ngrok tcp`, &c), you cannot have several tunnels in different regions serving the same hostport
- for labeled tunnels, it is entirely possible to have several tunnels with the same labels in different regions all serving the same hostport.

Reviewer 2: Would be good to point to edges for this use-case :+1:

> It is not possible to geo-balance DNS to the same tunnel name in multiple regions. Use region-specific subdomains or TLDs if you need to do this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To geo-balance DNS to the same tunnel name in multiple regions you can use the ngrok Cloud Edges feature or use region-specific subdomains or TLDs.
```
